[stmt.dcl] Add example of static/thread_local block variable initialization (#6508)
cplusplus/draft: source/statements.tex

the first time control passes through its declaration; such a variable is
considered initialized upon the completion of its initialization. If the
initialization exits by throwing an exception, the initialization is not
complete, so it will be tried again the next time control passes through the
declaration.
If control passes through the declaration concurrently while the variable is

> being initialized, the concurrent execution shall wait for completion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
being initialized, the concurrent execution waits for completion
```

of the initialization.
\begin{example}
\begin{codeblock}
void f() {
  static int x = 0;                     // OK
  static std::string s = "hello";       // OK; if an exception is thrown during the
                                        // initialization of \tcode{s}, \tcode{s} remains uninitialized, and
                                        // an attempt to initialize \tcode{s} (but not \tcode{x}) will be
                                        // made the next time \tcode{f} is called

>   thread_local int n = 0;               // OK, initializes \tcode{n} to \tcode{0} on the main thread

Reviewer: `n` (of both threads) is constant-initialized here. So the current example is seemly free from UB and may be misleading, since `n` is unrelated to dynamic initialization.

the first time control passes through its declaration; such a variable is
considered initialized upon the completion of its initialization. If the
initialization exits by throwing an exception, the initialization is not
complete, so it will be tried again the next time control passes through the
declaration.
If control passes through the declaration concurrently while the variable is
being initialized, the concurrent execution waits for completion
of the initialization.
\begin{example}
\begin{codeblock}
void f() {
  static int x = 2;                     // OK
  static std::string s = "hello";       // OK; if an exception is thrown during the
                                        // initialization of \tcode{s}, \tcode{s} remains uninitialized, and
                                        // an attempt to initialize \tcode{s} (but not \tcode{x}) will be
                                        // made the next time \tcode{f} is called.

>   thread_local const char* w = "world"; // OK, initializes \tcode{w} to \tcode{"world"} on the main thread.

Reviewer: `w` is still constant-initialized. Can we show non-constant initialization here? (e.g. `thread_local const char* w = std::system_category().name();`).

Author: Its not required to, and yes.

Reviewer: > Its not required to

I don't see why it is not required to. [[expr.const] p2.2](https://eel.is/c++draft/expr.const#2.2) and [p3.3](https://eel.is/c++draft/expr.const#13.3) seemly require that `w` is constant-initialized when the initializer is `"world"`.

Author: I was thinking of the rules for static initialization, which only require that dynamic initialization may (but is not required to) be omitted when the initializer is a constant expression. I wasn't aware of [expr.const] p2.2.

Author: > I don't see why it is not required to.

@frederick-vs-ja actually wait, I am right. It is true that e.g. `int x = 0;` in block scope is constant-initialized, but this is meaningless for block variables. Something being *constant-initialized* doesn't imply that it's constant initialized (https://eel.is/c++draft/basic.start.static#2). (pay attention to the hyphenation, `constant-initialized` and `constant initialization` are two completely different things)

Reviewer: In this example we're initializing a variable with thread storage duration. So if it is constant-initialized, it has constant initialization.

  std::jthread([] {
    thread_local int k = 4;
    std::cout << k + x;                 // OK, prints \tcode{"6"}.
    std::cout << s << ' ';              // OK, prints \tcode{"hello "}.

>     std::cout << w;                     // Undefined behavior if \tcode{w} hasn't been constant initialized\iref{basic.start.static}.

Reviewer: cplusplus/CWG#372 may be involved. But if we change `w` to have dynamic initialization, it seems safe to say this line raises UB unconditionally - a zero-initialized (null) `const char*` value is sufficient to raise UB.
